create ui for partner settings
create ui for partner alert page and tabs
setup codeigniter application
start integration with scrape api's
debugging current scrape api for trust pilot review site




Update for Feb 8, 2017
Able paln the process and create script that will scrape the google results and for now google is not showing sometime,
it mean scrape has a bugs with images results. This can be addressed tomorrow.

Todo for Feb 9, 2017
Continue with google search




    Update for Feb 17, 2017
    1. Code with review center
    2. Create migration for set links and add test inputs with site rating url and partner id
    3. Use foreach to fetch the data and get url and partner id and start scrapping to rating url
    4. With the result only filter and save to database that has poor rating that equals to 3 or less than 3 ratings
    5. After scrapping and gather all the scraped data then allow save it to database with alert table
    6. In agent and partner side, display the commentator name and total ratings of the review
    7. Add some helper to make it codeigniter friendly in coding

    Todo for Feb 18, 2017
    1. Work with trust pilot scrape and saving to database

    Thanks,


    1. Create batch for rating site scraping
    2. Make data tables works in testing
    3. Make bootstrap working
    5. Wait for php version to update to latest version
    6. Move the agent side to reputation.umbrellasupport.com
    7. Connect agent side to testing database, find ways how wpdb connect with different database









    Update for March 1, 2017

    Hi Sir,

    1. Add database row for keyword_settings in "wp_reputation_radar_settings" table
    2. Create ui dropdown select for keyword_setting for partner to select their default keyword search type and set default as "broad match"
    3. When refresh partner settings then allow set value if there is keyword_setting already for specific partner
    4. Allow update keyword_setting to db
    5. Allow insert keyword_setting to db
    6. Compose keyword settings for google
    7. Set keyword_setting in google scrape and set parameter based on keyword_setting in order to search in google
    8. In rating site, get source url that partner can view the full comment of their customer
    9. Allow source url saved to alert database and display in agent and partner ui


    Todo March 2, 2017

    1. Upload code to testing for this management partner ids
    2. Fix ui
    3. Ask query to get all partners id from ontraport
    4. Make the scrapping works propperly for rating site
    5. Move code and install for agent side in http://reputationradar.umbrellasupport.co.uk/ site and change wpdb connection to connect in testing database
    6. Do Testing

    Thank and God Bless!